I want to create an evolutionary algorithm for physics based topological optimization which also uses soft reinforcement learning to evolve cool designs. Basically, I want a parametric questionnaire or some high level parametric design options that bound the design for some furniture or product piece (ie a table, lamp, chair, drawer etc) along with dimensions and other factors, ie how many legs and such. The boundary conditions should make sense and have good exception/error handling. Taking the user inputted bounds, the evolutionary algorithm fires up and generates a population of forms and uses great evolutionary algorithm techniques like leagues and separate populations and maybe even learning the genes so crossover is more efficient. Basically the EA should be very well optimized and coded for this problem. The fitness function will be interesting. Basically I have an mmproj file and gguf that is a 0.5B image to text model. I want this model to rate each design based on aesthetics. I also want there to be a physics rating in there and maybe some other fitness function elements. From the initial populaiton, I want the EA to work without human input for a few cycles (the number of cycles between human input should be parametrically editable in the config file). After a few cycles, the program should stop and allow for reinforcement learning or basically user input. The user should be able to select the forms they like the best. These forms survive the downselect, and the process continues. The user should also be able to download the 3d file of any one they select and liked the best. The process should be able to continue infedinitely, until the user stops the program, and the top models are automatically downloaded, along with their respective files. Also, to ensure the files are being accurately evolved, the renderer that outputs the image should take at least 4 isometric renders of the object from 4 angles (N, S, E, W) so all sides are observed and this should be put into a simple collage. The images should be cached into a holding folder, and each epoch or cycle, the cache should be cleared of anything not needed for the next cycle. basically, i dont want the folders holding the data to keep filling up and filling up until it's unusable. I need it to delete cache content and only keep the stuff it needs from the most recent epoch. Im not sure how the genes will be encoded or represented, so please give a good method for how to do that. Basically, i need an evolutionary product/furniture generator that uses an AI as one part of a fitness function (using ollama cpp or the best python way to do that) along with human user inputs to align the evolutionary process to the user's taste. basically the goal is to evolve a design based on the taste of a user so they can either have a useable file at the end of the process or inspiration to design something based on what they evolved. I want the filesystem to be able to use any type of mmproj + gguf vision file that's dropped into the app folder. I also want this to run as a python app i can just double click. also i want this designed functionally where i can independently run each script inside this to test it properly. im not sure if this should be all python or a python and C++ or Rust hybrid, but Im inclined to use C++ and python together, where the C++ does the math heavy crossover and other stuff while the python does the other stuff and maybe a central part of the state machine calls the different function scripts when they're needed.  